You've been subdued.

Thorny questions on your minds, perhaps?

And I doubt there are many who could accomplish such a feat.

Beats me.

Any leads?

split up

duking it out

chicken out

We're in a race against time there.

Maybe I'm part of the equation.

ring the bell

another dead end

That's rather hasty conclusion for someone who's so painstakingly meticulous when it comes to dealing with machines.

However, it is subject to one major condition.

Please, spare me the flattery.

Then that's settled. Next up, our second priority ...

run into some trouble

no bigge

You and I have always been polar opposites in this regard.

Whatever miscalculations I may or may not have made in the past, I haven't lost the plot enough to even consider sticking my neck out for your sakes.

If they come up short, maybe you can take the difference out of my next few paychecks?

cave in (to)

pull my leg

Don't trip up on your way back, friend.

Since you're working extra hours tonight, I thought I'd keep myself busy by checking out that new kebab shop. I've heard good things about their menu.

covet secrets

lack the means to

I was also taken aback when I first learned of it.

I’ve done my utmost to avoid friction whenever I could, but sometimes, fundamental conflicts of interest simply can’t be settled amicably.

tug-of-war

hung up aloft

A dissenting faction staged a coup and drove out the royal heirs.

---

I’ll go grab some chairs. 

This place is hopping.

Don’t sweat it.

In that sense, he puts me to shame.

In the light of that claim, do you really expect me to take your oath seriously?

Sorted out your accommodation yet?

Wanna tag alone with us? You never know, we might get a group discount…

Paimon, you’re thinking out loud again…

If that’s what you had in mind, you should have said so sooner. I’d happy to help.

Much obliged.

I dabble occasionally.

play it by ear

on a roll

lend his aid

Hmm, well it’s not as if we never take on anonymous commissions... but in your case, I’ll have to decline. I’m gonna take a wild guess and say your job’s probably more hassle than it’s worth.

When I came to hear of this, my fury knew no bounds.

have a score to settle

Hey, can I borrow your halo? It could be useful in the lighthouse.

If that was a little over the top for your liking, I’ll make sure to tone it down next time.

As Arlecchino put it, this is not about chasing the spoils of victory... it's just a gesture of heartfelt gratitude.

I must object to your portrayal of me...

Look at them getting alone so well. Like two peas in a pod.
